På Konstnärsnämndens webbplats används cookies. Dessa behövs för att webbplatsen ska fungera och har sparats i din dator. Vill du inte använda cookies måste du stänga av dem i din webbläsare.

Läs mer om cookies.

Jag accepterar cookies

Government remits

International activities >

Publications

Conditions for artists >

Grants & Allowances >

Contact information

Startpage /

Welcome to Konstnärsnämnden - the Swedish Arts Grants Committee

The Swedish Arts Grants Committee is a government agency. Our function is to support artists who work within the areas of visual art, design, music, dance,  theatre and film. We award grants and allowances and promote international cultural exchange. In addition, we compile information on the financial and social conditions of artists. News

ArtNexus launches in Albania Publishing date: 2021-11-01ArtNexus Director, Neda Mansouri and a representative from the ArtNexus Reference Group, Petra Frank, Head of Dept Academy of Music and Drama, Gothenb...

The Swedish Arts Grants Committee’s Grand Music Award is given to Hans Ek Publishing date: 2021-06-16

The Swedish Arts Grants Committee and Sida: New collaboration coalesce culture and development cooperation Publishing date: 2020-10-26 The Swedish Arts Grants Committee and Sida have launched a new initiative to merge Sweden’s cultural and development cooperation policy areas. The pr...

Crisis Grant Publishing date: 2020-05-04Grant to cover loss of income during the Corina/covid-19-crisis. The application deadline has expired.

New report: Artists in Sweden: Demographics, Earnings and Social Status 2016 Publishing date: 2017-01-30The artists' incomes have risen by four percent during the past ten years, but it is significantly less than the rest of the Swedish population, where...

Updated: 2018-09-14

Tell a friend

Svenska

The Artists’ Guide

IASPIS

International Dance Programme

International Music Programme

The Swedish Arts Grants Committee

Apply here

 

About this webbsite

 | Hantering av personuppgifter

Address: Konstnärsnämnden, Maria skolgata 83, 2 tr

Phone: 08 - 50 65 50 00

E-mail: info@konstnarsnamnden.se